#summary Information about project.

=Task=
Create an application to enable the administration of leases from Car Rental.
<br><br>

=Information=

This application is a semestral project to PB138 Moderní značkovací jazyky a jejich aplikace. (Faculty of Informatics - Masaryk University). The base of the project is the Car Rental which is a Java application. 
This java application is used for administrating leases in Car Rental. The application is enabled to create, delete, update leases, cars and customers. It enables also to find one of this entities by various way (id, name, all ...). The application counts the profit from last month. Click [https://code.google.com/p/rent-car-app/wiki/CarRental here] for the documentation of the base of our application. This application works with SQL database where the data are stored. The data are also transformed into XML format. The application is enabled to take a XML file and transforme it into the database. The application also uses a DOM (Document Object Model). The data in the XML file checks the XML Sheme if they are valide. The application uses XSL Transformation to show a data in a web browser. The last component is XQuery where the application creates nicer nad better aranged XML files.

<br>
==Application=
The description how the application works > [https://code.google.com/p/rent-car-app/wiki/Information?ts=1401119397&updated=Information click here]


<br>
==Team of developers=

[https://code.google.com/p/rent-car-app/wiki/MartinZboril Martin Zbořil] = Administration (Google Code, Wiki, Google Group), Team leader, XQuery

[https://code.google.com/p/rent-car-app/wiki/JakubStromsky Jakub Stromský] = XML Scheme, Java application (Car Rental)

[https://code.google.com/p/rent-car-app/wiki/JanNovak Jan Novák] = DOM, , Java application (Car Rental)

[https://code.google.com/p/rent-car-app/wiki/JanBouska Jan Bouška] = XSL Transformation, Java application (Car Rental)

<br>
==Supervisors==
RNDr. Adam Rambousek

Mgr. Luděk Bártek, Ph.D.

doc. RNDr. Tomáš Pitner, Ph.D.
<br><br>
==Forum==
[https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/rent-car-app Forum]
<br><br>
==Links==
[https://is.muni.cz IS]

[https://muni.cz Masaryk University]

[https://fi.muni.cz Faculty of Informatics]

<br><br><br><br><br>

<g:plusone size="medium"></g:plusone>

<wiki:gadget url="http://hosting.gmodules.com/ig/gadgets/file/113784848344991607030/Craigslist.xml" height="200" border="0" /> 